my name is Dave and I'm the
captain of the hard merchandise
my entire life I've been fishing
out of Gloucester Massachusetts
it's America's oldest seaport
and for almost 400 years fishing
has been the lifeblood of this
town
are you ready for the first trip
this season
the opening day at the bluefin
tuna season is something we
always look forward to
everyone wants to be first to
land one of these big money pit
did the most prized fish in the
world goes first fish could get
as much as $20,000 but first you
gotta find them
you get tips from other
fishermen from fish buyers
anywhere you can find him this
week they've been spotted in the
cold waters off in May so that's
where we're headed but once
we're there we still have to
lower than men